# Reflcation 1

## Course Introduction

Some brief introduction regarding to the main content of the course. Frameworks and libraries, such as `numpy` and `keras`, will be involved during the lecture. There is weekly exams ahead. 

## Material

"Deep Learning with Python" by Francois Chollet is the foundation book of this course. First three chapters is free from its official site.

[Deep Learning]("http://www.deeplearningbook.org") is recommanded to study.

## Deep Learning Concepts

- Number of parameters is defined by the model, and the model is generated by the relationship between input and output.
- To acchive an advanded and hierarchical representation of the relationship between input and output is the goal of deep learning
- Needs of large set of training data, ususally comes with test data to verify the output model

## Tensors

- Tensor is an n-dimentional array. Number of dimentions is called tensor rank. Tensor shape represents the size of each dimension.
eg. `t = [[[2, 5, 6], [5, 3, 3], [6, 7, 8]], [[0, 0, 1], [9, 7, 9], [2, 3, 6]], [[4, 8, 2], [1, 0, 8], [4, 4, 0]]]`, t's rank is 3 and t's shape is (3,3,3).

## Linear Regression

- Model is a straight line.
- The idea is not to calculate weight but train the model to predit the output by given certain input.
- Mean Squared Error(MSE) is taken as loss value to be minimized
- Method Sophiscated Gradient descent (sgd) is used to mimize MSE 

## Keras

- Keras is an api runing on top of Tensorflow and other machine learnging fraework.
- Keras contains number of dataset for training and testing your own model.

## Input normalization

- Input data are often scaled to range close to -1...1 or 0...1 in order to optimize model's traning 
- Minusing the mean value and standard deviation are used mostly. 